Item categorization/classification
(Items should be scientific to some degree. Actual stone or rock is to weak to be used as head for an axe. Flint is more durable)

Natural Resources
	Stick, Flint, Fiber
	Wood: Pine(Soft, Light), Birch(Hard), Oak(Strong), Teakwood(Strong, resistant)
	Stone: Marble(Weak to acid), Granite(Magmatic rock), Basalt(Volcanic rock), Stone
	Crystal: Different kinds

Eatables
	Potato, Carrot, Meat
	Steak(Meat, Campfire), Baked Potato(Potato, Campfire),

Metals
	Copper,
	Tin,
	Aluminum,
	Bronze(Copper, Tin, Crucible) mainly used for tools,
	Iron,
	Invar,
	Steel(Iron, Charcoal),
	Titanium,

	Makeshift metal(Made with different metals to get specific properties, it's name will change to the two/three most used metals)

Tools
	Axe/Pickaxe: Crude(stick, flint, fiber, Tier 1), <?>, Copper(Wood, Bronze Ingot, Anvil, Tier 2)
	Farming tool, fishing rod, compass, map, 

Weapons
	Dagger: Crude(stick, flint, fiber, Tier 1)
	Sword: Copper(Wood, Copper Ingot, Anvil, Tier 2), Bronze(Wood, Bronze Ingot, Anvil, Tier 2), 
	Dagger, Shield, Bow, Hammer,  

Magic
	Magic Ring of ?
		Allows the player to use mana for spells. 
		Tiers: Nature(fiber, flowers, crystal), Metal(copper, crystal), 
	Soul Crystal(crystal, )
		transfers items from your corpse to your new body
		Tiers: Weak(6? items), Strong(12? items)
	Soul Binder(crystal, )
		Used to bind your soul to a location when you die. (Respawn point)
		One time use.
	
	Item Soulifier(crystal, mob drop)
		Your items will travel with you when you die. Uses some mana when you die?
		Does it take up inventory space? is it a skill?

	Mana Crystal
		Stores mana. Can also be transfered. Overflowing mana from the player is stored in the crystal
		Tiers: Rough(crystal, ), Fine(), 
	Teleportation Crystal(crystal, )
		Consumes a lot of mana depending on how many items you have
		Tiers: ?


High Quality Sword: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuqZF1ofkzg

Steel
	Cast iron (hard to work), Wrought iron (easy to work but bendable), Steel (easy to use and can be hardened).
	Steel is made with iron and 0.3 - 2.2% carbon


Crafting/Proccesing
	Inventory
		Crude tools, arrows
	Campfire
		Basic food, grilled meat
	Work Bench
		More sophisticated items, boxes, backbacks, leather armour, 
	Cruicible
		Melting ore and making alloys
	Anvil
		Weapons, tools or armour with metals
	Fletching Bench
		Stronger arrows, bows
	Blast Furnace
		Metals with a high smelting temperature (Transform wrought iron to steel?)